Improved documentation (#213)
numtide/treefmt: docs/formatters-spec.md

# Formatter specification

> In order to keep the design of `treefmt` simple, we support only formatters which adhere to a certain standard. This document outlines this standard. If the formatter you would like to use doesn't comply with the rules, you should create a wrapper script that transforms the usage to match the specification.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to keep the design of `treefmt` simple, we support only formatters which adhere to a certain standard. This document outlines this standard. If the formatter you would like to use doesn't comply with the rules, it's often possible to create a wrapper script that transforms the usage to match the specification.
```

In order to keep the design of treefmt simple, we want all of the formatters
to adhere to a unified specification. This document outlines that spec.
In order to keep the design of `treefmt` simple, we support only formatters which adhere to a certain standard. This document outlines this standard. If the formatter you would like to use doesn't comply with the rules, you should create a wrapper script that transforms the usage to match the specification.

## Command-line interface

> A formatter MUST adhere to the following interface:

Reviewer: This document's style with "MUST" and "SHOULD" was meant to match https://www.rfc-editor.org/rfc/rfc2119

As a specification, you want the style to be even more declarative, almost like programming.
